# SysSystemVerilog_Practice_Code
System Verilog For Functional Verification

Lec1: Format of initial block in TB.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/Gzv2

Lec2: usage of initial block.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/UPLZ   

Lec3: Usage of always block.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/B7RD

Lec4: Alining the edge of generated clock and reference.
https://edaplayground.com/x/DKcC

Lec5: Timescale_directive.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/P3e8

Lec6:clock_generation(with fixed_value).sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/PdUy

Lec7: clock_generation_using_Parameterize.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/V3Gq

Lec8: Genrate Clock for multiple clock variable.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/qUJi

Lec10: Signed_data_type.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/b3E4

Lec11: datatype $time and $realtime.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/gynJ

Lec12: datatype reg and wire.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/F4Qm

Lec13: datatype logic.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/P3hp

Lec14: Fixed Size of array.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/vPhB

Lec15: call Array value index.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/MXkQ

Lec16: Array Initialization Strategies.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/BGy5

Lec17: For Loops for Repetative Array.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/7_pR

Lec18: Repeat Loops for Repetative Array.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/a_ji

Lec19: Foreach Loops for Repetative Array.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/kpKS

Lec20: Copy Array to Another Array.sv
https://edaplayground.com/x/mM6q
















